java c
BIE6433 Computational Biomechanics of Musculoskeletal 
System (15 credits, Level 7) 
Aim The aim of this   project (100% of your   module   mark) is to   estimate the   bone   strength   (i.e.,   failure load) of either the left or the right   proximal femur of one   elderly   patient   and   relate   the   results to the   likelihood of   bone fracture.
Outline A   73-year-old,   female   patient   has   presented   in   the   hospital   for   clinical   investigation   of   suspected   osteoporosis.   The patient   weight is    79kg, height is 161cm and her   T-score   (measured by Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) is -1.2.   As part of her       clinical   examination,   a   set   of   full   thigh-length   CT   scan   was   collected   for   both   the   left   and   right   femurs. The fully anonymised CT scans (VTK file) are provided to you (local ethics approval   has   been obtained from the Sheffield Teaching   Hospitals).In   addition   to   the   routine   clinical   examinations,   the   clinician   has   asked   an   engineer   to   perform   a   quantitative   finite   element   analysis   (FEA)   of the   bone   strength   of this   patient   to   provide additional   information on their   risk of femoral fracture.You   need to examine the   literature on osteoporotic fracture and   FEA to   review a   range of   modelling approaches for this problem and critically compare them in your report, before   choosing the most suitable modelling approach (i.e.,      boundary    constraints,       loading   conditions, etc.) for your   assignment.
Your task, as the engineer   in   charge,   is   to:
a)       generate a suitable   FE model of the proximal femur (do   NOT need to   segment   the   entire shaft) based on the CT scans. (The computer lab tasks will   guide you through   the    creation    of   a    personalized    proximal    femur    model    based    on    CT    scans    that   contain derived   material   property. See   Lab   materials on   Blackboard.).
b)       simulate   in the   computer,   a quasi-static sideways fall loading condition   (see   Fig.
1)   using   the   most   suitable   boundary   constraints   to   predict   the   bone   strength   for   either the   left or the   right   proximal femurs of this   patient.
c)       compare your   results with   the   previous   literature   you   have   examined.
d)       discuss the validity and   limitations of your   approach.

Fig 1. An illustrative diagram showing a protected sideway fall conducted in a lab. 
Make sure that you list all modelling assumptions. Justify your choice of methodology and   parameters.The   computer   lab   handouts   (available   on   Blackboard)   are   based   on   ITK-snap   and   ANSYS      software    packages.    The recommended      FE    software      package to use is ANSYS,      either      Workbench   or   Mechanical APDL.   If you   are   new to   FE   and ANSYS,   we   have   provided   the Level 3 Fundamental   FEA materials (pre-recorded lectures on   Blackboard under      Background   knowledge)   for   you   to   catch   up   on   the   fundamentals.   You   can   also   ask   us questions during the computer labs, which will be led by the lecturer   and GTAs. In addition,   there   are   some links (below)   to useful online resources   that demonstrate   the    use    of      ANSYS   in various   FE applications:
https://courses.ansys.com/ https://forum.ansys.com/ 
https://www.ansys.com/academic/students/student-teams
Structure of report Your report should have a  maximum of 3000 words (excluding tables and list of references,   but   including   figure/table   captions), no appendix is   allowed.   You   should   use   a   minimum      font size of 11 with 2 cm margins. The   report should   be no longer than 13 pages (excludes      Cover   Page   and   the   List   of   References).   Note   that   any   extra   pages   will   not   be 代 写BIE6433 Computational Biomechanics of Musculoskeletal SystemPython
代做程序编程语言  read.   The      report should   be submitted via Turnitin   by noon Wednesday 11th December UK time.The    standard       University      penalty      (refer    to    your      student       handbook)    applies      for       late   submission.   If the   use   of unfair means is   confirmed, the   relevant sections will   receive   a 0 mark and   your   name   will   be   reported   to   the   Department,   who   may   carry   out   further   disciplinary actions.
Your   report   should   consist   of the following   main   sections:   introduction,   a   brief   literature   review,   methods,   results,   and discussion.
• Introduction: This   should   consist   of   1   paragraph,   it   should   be   clear   and   concise,   and set   the   scene.
• Literature review: This   section   should   provide   a   critical   review   to   the   range   of   modelling    methods    used    in    the      literature,      summarizing    their      advantages      and   disadvantages,       and       explain       how       they       help       you       determine       your       proposed   methodological approach.
• Methods: This    section    should    provide    a      clear      and      concise      description      of    the      methods used for modelling, with appropriate use of figures, tables and equations.   List   all   assumptions   (with   justification)   and    provide    references   to   any   external      parameters   used. The pre-processing steps (segmentation   and   mesh   generation)      should    be brief (half    page   to    one    page    long)    as   the    process    has    already    been      provided      to      you.      Detailed      description      should      be      provided      for      the      type      of      displacement and force   boundary conditions   used   in the   FE simulation.
• Results: This    section   should   clearly   describe   the    results    obtained   from   the    FE   simulations   with   illustrated figures   and tables.   Each figure   and table   should   have   informative captions.
• Discussion: This      section      should       provide      a      structured      discussion    with       logical   presentation   of your   arguments,   quoting   both   your   results   and   the   literature   for   comparison on model predictions. Your discussion should demonstrate innovative   thinking   and   critical   analysis   and   show   understanding   of   the   wider   engineering   context.
• References: The   School   does   not   have   a   specific   requirement   on   the   referencing   style.    Therefore, you can choose any standard referencing styles, e.g.,    IEEE,   Harvard,   etc.
Learning outcomes assessed 
• A1.   Apply   fundamental   laws   and   principles   of   physics   and/or   engineering   to
medical applications, some of which are   at,   or   are   informed   by,   the   forefront   of   the discipline.
•          A2.   Formulate   strategies   to   solve   complex   problems   in   physics   or   engineering   using a variety of experimental, analytical,   design,   statistical,   mathematical and/or computational   techniques.
•          A7.   Demonstrate   a   critical   awareness   of   the   role   of   medical   physics   and/or biomedical engineering   in   medicine considering the technological, social   and   ethical aspects of the field   and   its   development.
•          A8.   Communicate   scientific   concepts   to   a   range   of   audiences   in   a   concise,   accurate and   informative   manner,   leading to the   presentation of   logical conclusions at a   level appropriate to   the   audience.
•          A9.   Manage   their   own   learning   and   make   selective   use   of   a   variety   of   resources   including appropriate texts,   research articles and other   primary   sources   in   their   work.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
